Traveling is a very crucial part of life as it is the best way to get out of the busy schedule. 
It is also to experience life in different ways .Traveling is actually a good remedy for stress, 
anxiety and depression. It also improves the mental and physical health. We only have one life 
and we should thank it for making us more advanced creature on this planet. Not only do we get 
to experience the beauty of nature, different geographies ,topographies, and people. Traveling 
is all about exploring new places, cultures, cuisines, rituals and styles of living. We also travel 
because distance and difference are the secret toxic of learning and creativity which one cannot observe 
by sitting at home. Traveling in itself has advantages, as it makes one forget his or her worries, problems, 
frustrations and fears. This helps by broadening your horizon to move in new directions, unplugging from 
the pulls and pushes of daily life. We have a passport to fill full of stamps rather  than to have a house
 full of stuff. Let’s use this to make memories all over the world.
 We, at RPS try to find the best comfort for you by suggesting the best hotels at a reasonable price just for you.\n
 Founded by Shreya Banerjee, Rachana B Karrenvar and Prerana Sirigeri, the main motive of this company was to
 provide the best travelling experience for the citizens of our country.
 Hotels are definitely one of the fastest-growing sectors in the tourism sector and it is truly
  justified as accommodation is the key part in the development of any country or region’s tourism. 
  Tourism and Hotel Industry always go hand in hand and the presence of enough hotels also adds 
  value and quite a lot of factors and punches it within the region’s economy.
   The Existence of a Hotel isn’t enough to single-handedly boost a region’s tourism but they also 
   give out a symptom of health tourism.   
 The Indian tourism and hotel industry are key drivers of growth and development. The Scope for Hotel Industry can be at stake due to the current outburst of cheap alternatives and other stay options available but hotels are still a big player in the tourism industry of any state or country. Both Tourism and hotel industry plays a key role in supporting each other, fulfilling their combined requirements. Their relationship in this Tourism industry is definitely vital and so both are incomplete and both of those two industries cannot become a success without each other.